LAUNCHTRACE - CUSTOMER WORKBOOK (DIGIMOCK, WEEK 2026-037)


WORKBOOK

reports/customer_test/2026-037/LaunchTrace_Food_Digimock_2026-037.xlsx

A printed preview sits alongside it:
reports/customer_test/2026-037/LaunchTrace_Food_Digimock_2026-037_preview.pdf

Both are committed and pushed to branch
claude/launchtrace-customer-workbook-8vftny

Regenerate with:
  python3 scripts/generate_customer_workbook.py --prospect P009 \
    --opportunities reports/validation/final/2026-037/opportunities.csv


DESIGN

Three tabs, one per reading depth.

1. WEEKLY BRIEF - the director view, 30-60 seconds.
   LaunchTrace wordmark, "Prepared for Digimock", journal week and
   publication date, then four metric tiles: 9 opportunities matched,
   3 top priority, 6 product categories, largest cluster 3 in hot
   drinks. Below that a short paragraph on what the report represents,
   a "This week's signal" callout, and four opportunity cards. Each
   card carries only Brand, Company / Location / Category, Product,
   Why now, Relevance and Sales angle. No raw filing text. The whole
   tab fits on one page.

2. OPPORTUNITIES - the working sales sheet.
   18 columns, one company per row, as a real Excel table
   (LaunchTraceOpportunities) with filters on A4:R13, frozen at D5 so
   Priority, Brand and Company stay put when scrolling right. Prose
   columns are capped and row heights are computed, so no row blows
   out.

3. HOW TO USE - readable by a new sales hire in two minutes.
   Seven short blocks: what LaunchTrace detects, what "Why now" means,
   that a lead is a signal and not an enquiry, how to use the
   suggested angle, why websites say "Not confirmed", how to read
   Priority, and how to work the list.

Priority is customer-facing and specific to the subscriber: TOP MATCH
/ STRONG / RELEVANT. TOP MATCH means one of the strongest
opportunities FOR THIS CUSTOMER this week - the reviewed selection
where one exists, otherwise the top of the supplier-specific fit
order. It deliberately does not mean "has a HIGH internal band": a
generically strong launch signal in a category this supplier barely
serves is not one of their best leads. STRONG and RELEVANT split the
remaining qualified matches on the same supplier fit the matcher
already computed.

The raw score, band and fit number stay internal and appear nowhere in
the file. Nice classes, SIC codes, confidence percentages and taxonomy
keys are all absent. Technical evidence is reachable through the Trade
Mark and Company Number links instead.


TOP OPPORTUNITIES

The three approved top matches, then one secondary card:

  1. kWh Coffee - Morning People Ltd, York - TOP MATCH
     Coffee across whole bean, ground, espresso, drip bags and coffee
     bags. Already trading from its own site, no retailer listings
     found.

  2. BULLITT - Coldharbour Foods, Marlow - TOP MATCH
     A single-product energy bar, no website we could confirm.

  3. CHAI MAMA - Frond Foods Ltd, Liverpool - TOP MATCH
     Tea: loose leaf, tea bags and chai.

  4. Sami's Superfoods - Sheffield - STRONG
     Nuts, nut butters and snack mixes, selling direct only. Shown
     fourth and clearly secondary to the three above.

The three TOP MATCH leads are the reviewed selection recorded in
config/customer_highlights.json. The fourth card is the next of the
same qualified matches on supplier fit.

The remaining five are on the OPPORTUNITIES tab: Rose & Grind
(STRONG), GIGGLECHOC (STRONG), GOLDEN ROOTS (STRONG), LEAH'S
(RELEVANT), AE Aravalli Essence (RELEVANT). All 9 are present.

The "This week's signal" line is computed from the counts, not
asserted: hot drinks is the largest cluster at 3 of 9 including the
strongest signal, snacks adds 2, the rest are singles. Energy bars is
not claimed as a concentration, because there is one.


CUSTOMER FIELDS

Owner, Sales Status and Sales Notes are the last three columns,
deliberately empty and tinted so they read as editable. LaunchTrace
never writes to them.

Sales Status has a dropdown: Not reviewed / Researching / Contacted /
Replied / Opportunity / Not relevant. Blanks and typed values are
still allowed.

Everything is filterable and sortable through the table header.
Priority, Product Category, Location and Stage are the useful ones for
splitting a week between a team.


QA

Verified programmatically against the delivered file:

  - Three sheets, named as specified.
  - 20 hyperlinks, all https. Hosts: www.ipo.gov.uk/tmcase (the repo's
    existing public IPO case URL), find-and-update.company-information
    .service.gov.uk, and the two confirmed brand sites. No file://,
    no /home/, no local paths anywhere.
  - No formulas at all, so nothing can be broken.
  - Table and autofilter on A4:R13. Freeze panes A7 / D5 / A6.
    Gridlines off on all three sheets.
  - Data validation on Q5:Q13 with all six status options.
  - Conditional formatting on A5:A13 - two rules, subtle fills for
    TOP MATCH and STRONG.
  - No internal columns. A token scan for "confidence", "SIC",
    "Nice class", score fields and taxonomy keys returns nothing.
  - The 9 rows equal the matcher's output exactly.
  - Sami's Superfoods carries band HIGH internally and priority
    STRONG on the sheet, so a HIGH band alone can no longer create a
    customer-facing TOP MATCH.
  - No customer-facing sentence claims a supplier decision is still
    open, a pack format unsettled or a purchase uncommitted.
  - Trade mark publication is described as a filed and advertised
    application, never as completed protection or registration.
  - Row heights capped, longest well under the limit.
  - "Sample - not a live subscription" appears once per tab, small
    and italic.

Every sheet was rendered to PNG and inspected. Three problems were
found and fixed: rows over-tall by roughly a line, product lines
repeating the head noun ("Chocolate - chocolate confectionery"), and
the signal sentence being unreadable when it strung full taxonomy
labels together.

26 tests cover the structural guarantees, the priority rules and the
no-leak/no-overclaim wording. Full suite: 677 passing. ruff and mypy
clean.

Worth your eye: company age is now computed the same way the scorer
computes it, so the workbook can never state an age that contradicts
a stored score reason.


ENGINE

Untouched. The only modified tracked file in the whole change is
requirements.txt, adding openpyxl.

Everything else is new:
  config/customer_report.json
  config/customer_highlights.json
  src/deliver/customer_narrative.py
  src/deliver/customer_workbook.py
  scripts/generate_customer_workbook.py
  tests/test_customer_workbook.py

No score, qualification, entity matching, commercial mode, taxonomy,
enrichment, threshold, supplier matching or outreach code was changed.
The generator calls select_for_prospect and uses what it returns.
The website branch was not touched.


SENT

Nothing was sent. No email, no draft dispatched, no deployment. The
workbook was written to disk and pushed to the work branch.


NEXT ACTION

Review the generated workbook and approve or revise the customer
spreadsheet format before generating the remaining launch samples.
